Adding  docs for the `k6/experimental/websockets` module (#933)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/02 javascript api/07 k6-experimental/03 websockets/10-WebSocket.md

| url       | string   | The URL to which to connect (e.g. "ws://localhost:10000").                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| protocols | array   | Not yet implemented, reserved for the future use.                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| params    | object   | [Params](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/params/) object containing additional request parameters.                                                                                                                                                                                |

### Returns

| Type                                         | Description           |
| -------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| WebSocket | An instance of WebSocket object. |

### Example

> _A k6 script that will initiate WebSocket connection._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_A k6 script that initiates a WebSocket connection._
```
